BACKLOG-ISH
 

Add support for toggling of pre-proc -> https://chatgpt.com/share/6953cf7a-fce4-8012-af3e-2bb98e51362f
Add better reporting to pyod anomaly detection (algo votes in relation to is laundery flag) 
Add generic EDA to be used project agnostiacally so to speak (Include, distributions, missing values, outliers. multicoliniarity)
add exec time to pyod file
create output file for sanity check, now it´s only written out in terminal window. 
Add k-step depth to k-core/egonetwork. Will require broader filetering. Filtering on specific account cant be done during load.  
Add preview networkx based visualisation in coded creating egonet file. 

DONE!

✅ Fix problem with missing Is Laundering FlaG
✅ Separation of concerns (pre-proc, feature_creation, model-run) -> https://chatgpt.com/share/6953c756-3ea4-8012-ac9b-cfd851309e70
✅ Make sure features in the pre-model output are being in used in anomaly code as the current feature set i based on earlier version of output
✅ Add is laundering flag in report output to compare outliers with actual money laundering cases
✅ Add pre-moddeling block to handle NaN:s for example (fix error: Input contains NaN, infinity or a value too large for dtype('float64').) Create new clean pyod based code for anomaly detection using pyod based on pre-processed and feature engineered input
✅ Add pre-moddeling block to handle NaN:s for example (fix error: Input contains NaN, infinity or a value too large for dtype('float64').) 
✅ Clean upp "old" transaction-level entropy code
✅ Fix feature creation recommendation based on recommendations (see https://chatgpt.com/c/692a0373-9324-8332-87a5-980adba54cfc)
✅ Change entropy to account level (first )
✅ Add weekday as feature on transaction level
✅ Add entropy as features on transaction level for "Ammount Paid" -> Trackning of entropy over time over rolling window
✅ Add sampling capability before adding features
✅ Add timer for performance tracking in main 
✅ Include is laundering flag i data before adde to model 
✅ Make feature engineered file available for use with DBSCAN code. 
✅ Tidy up DBSCAN code to be more self contained (remove unecessary dependencies)
✅ Add payment format/currency graphs to existing display (now they are separate output windows.)
✅ Add aggregation of currency and format used for deep analysis of suspicious account
✅ OAdd more eye-friendly output to univariat EDA.File and visual table maybe. 
✅ One-hot ecdoding for payment currency  -> Add to feature creation code 
✅ Add out-/inbound counterpart split to output (visual and excel) for suspicious account deep dive. 
✅ One-hot encoding of Payment format to feature generating code
✅ Add out-/inbound counterpart split to output (visual and excel) for suspicious account deep dive. 
✅ Add excel or csv output to code for checking specific account
✅ In check flagged account -> visualize inbound transactions as well (add serie to existing graph)
✅ Add new py file for buiding egonewtork files for suspicious account (see gpt conversation).
✅ Add summary to code for check flagged account. Number of in-/outbound tx during the period.mean, median mode etc. 